I don't know we we know he lost right he
loves her own damn sucks a burrito is
also a really good player get out I'm at
FEMA Chris I man like zeferino really
good fail on Claire from the Boston
Boston area right Matthew Massachusetts
yeah good suffer those guys play hard
luck in lucky d lemme blew his guys
practice all the time shout out to the
Stevens I love you guys not here after
you watch given playing for years they
no slouches man they know what's up grid
man and weeks yup yup yup yup these guys
are good man really like we threw the
broken copier paper
I like this winner's bracket for
injustice top a right the winner's
bracket like I'm looking at it right now
it's really ridiculous it's just as
topping Tom Brady I said that's it
there's nobody else nobody right the
bragging but um so we're gonna have EMP
battles hippie suicide again then you
know they gonna be one beam p civil wars
there comes Triforce try for is holding
his glove up power to them tender for
the Empire you must use the sonic boom
sonic field yo kami oh my god she works
out man that got myself let's go to do
you like though if you like the original
camera Thompson what do you like this
case original I'm sorry I'm like oh gee
street by her man oh alright becomes gay
rod see momentum base not not the
craziest setups but knows how to counter
pokeyman kami stop I told you and he
knows how to empty don't mix it up mix
up his timing know when to like hush the
offense at the right times Kevin step it
up son oh now first I was wrong one um
Kevin I'm sure Kevin can make
adjustments yes he always does here like
if you remember he lost the first game
against Patrick green Astro guided but
hey Fred going on my yeah she's been on
the town those cannon strikes and a
price man Oh Mike and this is why she's
getting higher I oh yeah Kevin let's
please what are the reasons why she's
getting nervous it's a little too easy
to stun people with her please Kevin
please that I should know if the
activation after all the recover phrase
of that all the x10 inspectors
yeah Basel 16 plus like a billion on hit
and the combo if I can you can walk up
crouch fears something like whatever
really into whatever combo and just get
maximum damage put them to corner and
then the stun is just extra like two
combos oh god yeah like see like if you
land a hit here he's already I like 200
stunned if he lands like one like medium
medium that's another like 300 alright
and gals in the corner here weak point
again and out of the corner now Kevin
wants to stay where he where he lives
yeah what's the setup Kevin's like I'm
home I'm home I'm right here man I'm not
going anywhere I'm staying right in this
little area oh my god and I got a
question to decision okay hi I'm not
gonna fight and Kevin Kevin holding it
down in his second home the corner
because I you know how to flash your
turn the air I brush them the decision
to like you r3dx flash kick or maybe you
know something all justice guarantee
that killed if he had laws well as using
excess weight and either went around or
not would you have learned the beater I
mean it's just a call man it's just like
you just gotta do it never see like see
like you gotta manage your meter later
it's like you also got to think about
like the next round that's happening
like what's it like what are my chances
like what are they going for like I'm
sure Kevin is thinking about each strike
right now yeah yeah but at the same see
exactly these types of situations are
like the scary thing like you don't want
to give camy meter and ammo for the rest
of the realms and it's hard to do this
it's hard to avoid these situations
because like cami will lose the first
round and then gain meter and then make
a comeback because of the extraction
leader to gain greater funny yep
OOP yup ligo talking the bat and how
active is that your strike I quote the
top of your foot oh my god this yeah all
right so look at the stun you only got
hurt twice keV has to play perfect keV
has the place immaculate right now
scared this is where kevin has to shine
awesome and that's it Thank quebra takes
it k Brad going into winners finals
enjoy your glory now kami your time is
coming and uh you know what's weird
every um there are so many majors that
happen for she fighter but Cammy doesn't
win that many meters she doesn't know no
I I'm not gonna say that camis just so
brain-dead it easier to anybody could
just pick her up cuz that's what
everyone keeps saying about